Ah Assistant Xu
Get your people out
Otherwise, I will die for sure.
Have you drunk it?
Stop playing tricks with people
The live streaming host we hired this time is Brother Biao.
That's a professional haunted house live broadcast expert
Don't even think about it.
Enter the live stream of the mobile phone to see the style
Hey, Brother Biao is afraid of a word, Piao Piao
Cousin left the first floor, Ah Piao didn't have it at all
Family, welcome to Brother Biao's live stream.
Our fan lights are on.
Little red heart
Hey, let's
Is it the famous Fengmen Village Haunted House?
Let's shout our little slogan
Beard Biaozhi A Piaozhi Da
Standard 550 me
Is a god
Brother Biao High School was so long for me
regular
Go back and get better
Stupid people today
The more afraid you are, the more powerful he will be
You are not afraid of him, he is afraid of you
Good old saying
That what, that person is afraid of ghosts three
What are you afraid of people?
Whatever it is, just do it with him
It's done
Oops, you won't die if you don't die
It's really self-inflicted